I'm always wanna chat buddy, how's your day going?
Oh, I’m fine)
im from russia
Allo
ok
Did you was sick?
How see my level?
I have block chatting  for 2 minutes, how to stop this?
It’s normal
english please
You will as you keep being being active and participating in the chat rooms, good luck my friend
Bitcoin up? Bitcoin down?
Hello, how are you?
Legion Network price
I’m sorry for deceiving you
Love
hey hey
Hey what you had in meal?
Amazing project
Wussap guys?
There are so many people here
What do you thing that will be the price for WL?
dont stop guys! Today we will get lvl 10!
road to lvl 50
Wow , really ? 
It's the coolest words today that i heard 
Thank you for your commenting 
Can i add you to friends in DC ? 🙂
i m tired already
go go go
an also what do u think about mint public price?
Rush and it's over
where you frob bro?
Im super excited for this project !
Just enjoy the process brotha
sleep is for the weaaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkk
i need more time in my life but i need to grind
just gotta follow the requirements and show your efforts and you will get chosen  stay positive my friend
I hope I win my WL spot
Do not forget to join giveaway
everyone got a chance dont give up guys keep going and be motivated important
everyone here is amazing!
Lets go to the Moon guys
Most IDO right now are just copying each other
Boss said soon, i think today or tommorow
Good morning!!
Hi buddies  Who got a whitelist between you?
i ve been trying to spark an organic conversation on this server all day and havent gotten further then maybe 5 replies.
we work together to have a solid floor
Get inviting peeps. Limited WL spots available
I cant even read the chat LOL
Hi everyone! Keep engaging in the community and help each other out ! Have a good night ppl
craziest chat ever 🙂
interesting project,looking forward to mint somedhave school in six hours grind for 2 hours more or sleep?
lets grind to the top guys
why do new accounts get banned?
check out how-to-invite ya
ayyy lets go, hope to get into the WL
its level 7 for whitelist i believe. also, not hard if you're enjoying the process of being part of the community 🙂 dont treat it as a grind and you'll get there before you know it!
Yeah man and this project is a hugeeeeeee, its gonna change the IDO space !!!!
better than monkeys 24/7 bro..
any plans for today?
Thank you so much friend! We are all deserve it buddy! Keep it up! I hope you can get the wl! Fighting 💪☺️❤️
time to invite some more of my friends here
i wish we had more sneakpeaks
hello all new here
Ha ha, I'm kidding
damn if only the snow doesn't melt right now, otherwise it's even warm outside
still got 1500 wl left. love this
I think you can do it within half a day of constant chatting.  I’m almost level 6 and hit it hard mostly today.  Good luck and remember that mods look at quality convo.
we got this just keep typing
It’s so hard to reply to people 😂
You get to change your name without having to make everyone learn the new one – what’s the name you pick?
we need to get all these bots out of here. always good to know the accurate amount of people in the discord
come on.
the whitepaper is cool
Thanks, I appreciate the motivation. It's easy to get down on yourself but with such a great community they keep you going. So much to do in this discords from games, trivia, VC, and or just small talk. I feel like i'm in this already!
Thank you so much! I hope you'll get it too buddy ☺️❤️
I’m alone in  Russia?
 this is gonna be amazing bro
Try your best when you are young/Never regretlove this community.
Yessir! You know it! Amazing art, team and vision for sure
Let’s goooo family this project is the best
we need so much help for get wl
Grind time
Hey hey hey 👋🏽
Can you answer if I have a chance to get whitelist? I'm moving to another country tomorrow and I can only go for a mint, I would like to invest in your project and make it top 1 in the whole world ..❤️
Keep enjoying
it took a long time to gain level 20 who reached it?
Wow very hard work i try to reach next level iam excited guys